Updated Readme to match what is in CMakePresets.json (#39)
myst6re/hyne: README.md

> **Please note**: You can choose other build profiles if you want. See https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.html for more information.

```sh

> $ mkdir build install
> $ cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=install -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
> $ cmake --build build --config Debug

Reviewer: Preferring `.build` and `.install` as paths as they would be automatically ignored by our `.gitignore`

```suggestion
$ mkdir .build .install
$ cmake -B .build --preset=Debug -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=.install
# Add the following params if you're building for macOS: -DCMAKE_OSX_ARCHITECTURES="arm64;x86_64" -DVCPKG_TARGET_TRIPLET="universal-osx"
$ cmake --build .build
```
